_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    defaults
absl-py                   2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
accelerate                1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
addict                    2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
aiofiles                  24.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
aiohappyeyeballs          2.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.11.18                  pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
anaconda-anon-usage       0.4.4           py312hfc0e8ea_100    defaults
annotated-types           0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
antlr4-python3-runtime    4.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
archspec                  0.2.3              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
argon2-cffi               23.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
arrow                     1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
asttokens                 2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
async-lru                 2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     23.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
audioread                 3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
av                        14.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
babel                     2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
bleach                    6.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
boltons                   23.0.0          py312h06a4308_0    defaults
boto3                     1.38.18                  pypi_0    pypi
botocore                  1.38.18                  pypi_0    pypi
brotli-python             1.0.9           py312h6a678d5_8    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                h5eee18b_6    defaults
c-ares                    1.19.1               h5eee18b_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            h06a4308_0    defaults
certifi                   2024.2.2        py312h06a4308_0    defaults
cffi                      1.16.0          py312h5eee18b_1    defaults
charset-normalizer        2.0.4              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
click                     8.1.8                    pypi_0    pypi
comm                      0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
conda                     24.4.0          py312h06a4308_0    defaults
conda-content-trust       0.2.0           py312h06a4308_1    defaults
conda-libmamba-solver     24.1.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
conda-package-handling    2.2.0           py312h06a4308_1    defaults
conda-package-streaming   0.9.0           py312h06a4308_0    defaults
contourpy                 1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              42.0.5          py312hdda0065_1    defaults
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
datasets                  2.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
decord                    0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
defusedxml                0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.8                    pypi_0    pypi
distro                    1.9.0           py312h06a4308_0    defaults
docstring-parser          0.16                     pypi_0    pypi
einops                    0.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
executing                 2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
expat                     2.6.2                h6a678d5_0    defaults
fastapi                   0.115.12                 pypi_0    pypi
fastjsonschema            2.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
ffmpy                     0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fire                      0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fmt                       9.1.0                hdb19cb5_1    defaults
fonttools                 4.53.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fqdn                      1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.2.0                 pypi_0    pypi
gradio                    5.29.1                   pypi_0    pypi
gradio-client             1.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
groovy                    0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.64.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
hf-transfer               0.1.9                    pypi_0    pypi
hf-xet                    1.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  1.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.33.2                   pypi_0    pypi
icu                       73.1                 h6a678d5_0    defaults
idna                      3.7             py312h06a4308_0    defaults
ipykernel                 6.29.4                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   8.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
ipywidgets                8.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
isoduration               20.11.0                  pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jieba                     0.42.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jmespath                  1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
json5                     0.9.25                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonpatch                 1.33            py312h06a4308_1    defaults
jsonpointer               2.1                pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
jsonschema                4.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1                pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            8.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              5.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-events            0.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server            2.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server-terminals  0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab                4.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-language-pack-zh-cn 4.2.post1                pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-server         2.27.2                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-widgets        3.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
krb5                      1.20.1               h143b758_1    defaults
lazy-loader               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.38                 h1181459_1    defaults
libarchive                3.6.2                h6ac8c49_3    defaults
libcurl                   8.7.1                h251f7ec_0    defaults
libedit                   3.1.20230828         h5eee18b_0    defaults
libev                     4.33                 h7f8727e_1    defaults
libffi                    3.4.4                h6a678d5_1    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libmamba                  1.5.8                hfe524e5_2    defaults
libmambapy                1.5.8           py312h2dafd23_2    defaults
libnghttp2                1.57.0               h2d74bed_0    defaults
librosa                   0.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
libsolv                   0.7.24               he621ea3_1    defaults
libssh2                   1.11.0               h251f7ec_0    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libuuid                   1.41.5               h5eee18b_0    defaults
libxml2                   2.10.4               hfdd30dd_2    defaults
llamafactory              0.9.4.dev0               pypi_0    pypi
llvmlite                  0.44.0                   pypi_0    pypi
lz4-c                     1.9.4                h6a678d5_1    defaults
markdown                  3.6                      pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
menuinst                  2.0.2           py312h06a4308_1    defaults
mistune                   3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
modelscope                1.26.0                   pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
msgpack                   1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
multiprocess              0.70.16                  pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
nbconvert                 7.16.4                   pypi_0    pypi
nbformat                  5.10.4                   pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0    defaults
nest-asyncio              1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  3.3                      pypi_0    pypi
nltk                      3.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook-shim             0.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
numba                     0.61.2                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.4                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cublas-cu12        12.1.3.1                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12    12.1.105                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12    12.1.105                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12  12.1.105                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cudnn-cu12         8.9.2.26                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufft-cu12         11.0.2.54                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-curand-cu12        10.3.2.106               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusolver-cu12      11.4.5.107               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparse-cu12      12.1.0.106               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-ml-py              12.575.51                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nccl-cu12          2.20.5                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12     12.5.40                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvtx-cu12          12.1.105                 pypi_0    pypi
omegaconf                 2.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.13               h7f8727e_1    defaults
orjson                    3.10.18                  pypi_0    pypi
overrides                 7.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2            py312h06a4308_0    defaults
pandas                    2.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pandocfilters             1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pcre2                     10.42                hebb0a14_1    defaults
peewee                    3.18.2                   pypi_0    pypi
peft                      0.15.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pexpect                   4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.0            py312h06a4308_0    defaults
platformdirs              3.10.0          py312h06a4308_0    defaults
pluggy                    1.0.0           py312h06a4308_1    defaults
pooch                     1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus-client         0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.45                   pypi_0    pypi
propcache                 0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  5.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.8                    pypi_0    pypi
ptyprocess                0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pure-eval                 0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   20.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow-hotfix            0.7                      pypi_0    pypi
pybind11-abi              5                    hd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pycosat                   0.6.6           py312h5eee18b_1    defaults
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pydantic                  2.10.6                   pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-core             2.27.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pydub                     0.25.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pynvml                    12.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1           py312h06a4308_0    defaults
python                    3.12.3               h996f2a0_1    defaults
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
python-json-logger        2.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
python-multipart          0.0.20                   pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     26.0.3                   pypi_0    pypi
qwen-vl-utils             0.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    defaults
referencing               0.35.1                   pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2024.11.6                pypi_0    pypi
reproc                    14.2.4               h6a678d5_2    defaults
reproc-cpp                14.2.4               h6a678d5_2    defaults
requests                  2.32.3                   pypi_0    pypi
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      14.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rouge-chinese             1.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
ruamel.yaml               0.17.21         py312h5eee18b_0    defaults
ruff                      0.11.10                  pypi_0    pypi
s3transfer                0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
safehttpx                 0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
safetensors               0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
semantic-version          2.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
sentencepiece             0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                69.5.1          py312h06a4308_0    defaults
shellingham               1.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
shtab                     1.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sniffio                   1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
soundfile                 0.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.5                      pypi_0    pypi
soxr                      0.5.0.post1              pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.45.3               h5eee18b_0    defaults
sse-starlette             2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
stack-data                0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
starlette                 0.46.2                   pypi_0    pypi
supervisor                4.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
swanboard                 0.1.8b1                  pypi_0    pypi
swankit                   0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
swanlab                   0.5.8                    pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard               2.16.2                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tiktoken                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.14               h39e8969_0    defaults
tokenizers                0.21.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tomlkit                   0.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
torch                     2.3.0+cu121              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.18.0+cu121             pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.4                      pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.67.1                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.14.3                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.51.3                   pypi_0    pypi
trl                       0.9.6                    pypi_0    pypi
truststore                0.8.0           py312h06a4308_0    defaults
typer                     0.15.4                   pypi_0    pypi
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20240316           pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-inspection         0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tyro                      0.8.14                   pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
ujson                     5.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
uri-template              1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.1.0           py312h06a4308_1    defaults
uvicorn                   0.34.2                   pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13                   pypi_0    pypi
webcolors                 1.13                     pypi_0    pypi
webencodings              0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
websockets                15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.43.0          py312h06a4308_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        4.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
xxhash                    3.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.4.6                h5eee18b_1    defaults
yaml-cpp                  0.8.0                h6a678d5_1    defaults
yarl                      1.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_1    defaults
zstandard                 0.22.0          py312h2c38b39_0    defaults
zstd                      1.5.5                hc292b87_2    defaults

# 注意transfomers的版本